Add context to dated information (#1013)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/parallel-rustc.md

# Parallel Compilation

Most of the compiler is not parallel. This represents an opportunity for
improving compiler performance.

> As of December 2020, work on explicitly parallelizing the compiler has stalled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of January 2021, work on explicitly parallelizing the compiler has stalled.
```
